Shahed is one of the 88,000 University
students in Gaza whose education has
been put on hold for more than 10
months the computer engineer student has
gone from learning in classrooms to
studying on her phone amid piles of
rubble I was supposed to finish the
third year and then move to the fourth
but because of what happened I have to
restudy the third year from the
beginning we lost a whole year not only
me but also Al other students Al Asar
University was destroyed along with all
its
branches Israeli air strikes have
targeted universities and schools across
the strip since the beginning of the war
wood shad's campus in Ruins this
makeshift study space in kanun has
become an escape for many but her mother
says getting there is
[Music]
risky we've come to this place where
there's a destroyed house in order to
get an internet C so we can call people
download lectures and communicate with
professors but the internet is still
weak and we communicate with difficulty
every step is dangerous and
difficult Israeli attacks on academic
institutions have killed professors and
students and for Shahed they've not only
shattered buildings but also hopes and
communities our simplest dream dream is
to have a normal life again and live
like others our basic right is education
this is an earned right for everyone but
for us now it's a dream to return to our
University sit in our classroom see our
professor attend our lessons meet with
our friends and classmates now we do not
know anything about anyone Israel's
destruction of the education sector in
Gaza is threatening the future of many
students yet shahad remains determined
to continue her education with what
resources she can find
Lina
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer